This is the transformers database, to view the database.json I used npx json-server --watch datase.json --port 8000, to start the database up, I watched a video on how json servers work and thats the code the author used, so I went with that.I included that just in case that matters when trying to start it up.
Once the app is running you can see the transformers already store in the database.json, you can click on the Name to open the card up to get info on the transformer you click. Once clicked you can edit the info or delete the card,you can still edit it without pressing the card, whatever you do it will change the database.json. You can also add transformers to the database, by clicking add new transfromer, please note everything must be filled out before it saves, I just couldnt get an error message to work properly and gave up on that part sadly. If you change your mind on adding the transfromer you can click the big red cancel button or just return to the list,  The filter can bascially search for any given info in the database, you just need to type what you're filtering for, name,faction the alt mode or the weapons. It will then pop up all the results that match what you've typed into the filtering system. Please note the filter only works with one word searches, so if you wanted to search for what transfromers had guns,axe and a sword it wouldnt work. Also same case if you did,autobot,truck, gun for your filter search. I just thought it made sense for it to show one filter search item at a time, since it's a pretty basic database. 
I couldnt figure out why when i opened one card the other cards also expanded in size, messed around with that and couldnt figure it out so I also just learned to deal with it.
Also you can add the same transfromer if they're already in the system (since there are some transfromers who share a name)